EVERYTHING IS LITTLE-ENDIAN

All the text of FF1, with the exception of NPC dialogue, is smooshed together in the file text/japanese.
You will really want to make use of my text splitting code.

The file etc/btl_kp_defs controls how much FP you recharge/max at each fighter level. Each level begins with
the appropriate number, which can be found at 0x0C, then 0x24, then 0x3C, then 0x44, etc. Each piece is 24
bytes long; it is the last 12 bytes that are useful to us. The first four of those 12 are the recharge
per turn, then we have four bytes of the maximum, and then we have four bytes of the recharge. It could be
there twice due to one being for allies and one being for enemies; feel free to test that out on your own.

The file episode/e0047 is what controls your first tutorial cleaning. The value at 0x8B4-0x8B5 controls
the fossil ID used, and the value at 0x9D0 controls the ID of the vivosaur revived at the end (weirdly
enough, this is scripted and not related to the fossil). Therefore, by changing the fossil to a different
head, you can have a new starter in FF1! The vivosaur ID is just their Number, but the head Fossil ID is
actually formulaic as well: ((Number - 1) * 4) + 1. Do note that for vivosaurs that normally do not have
fossils, you will need to set the vivosaur ID to someone who does, or else the game will freeze upon
revival. This will make it appear that you revived the wrong person, but trust me, it actually gives
you what you cleaned. Also, if you want to make the vivosaur you get for failing match, you'll have to
edit the value at 0xB18, although currently the game freezes either way for unknown reasons.

The file shop/0002 controls all of the fossils in the Guild shop. The total number of fossils is at
0x0C-0x0F, and then the chunks start at 0x14--first four bytes of 00 for some reason, then four bytes
of ID (from kaseki_defs, naturally). You need at least six unique IDs in here or else the game will
crash, but other than that you are free to put in duplicates in order to increase the odds of that
fossil appearing.